[Music]
hi guys welcome back i'm rinse the posh
i in this video i'm going to show you
guys how to make Tye pineapple fire rice
super easy and simple very delicious and
i hope you guys like it
sorry Kevin clear marina handsome 33
Teague and ham carpets a piranha
happened and he medium for can have a
pecan granola cutter I'm of muharram
laliberté some Songhai ingredients
[Music]
pineapple cut them into small chunks
excel in Bangor Hawkins applaud
catabolic Mahalo hanahuna Benghazi and
pas committee Hancock steamed jasmine
rice try to use the one you have left
from last night or cook couple hours
ahead before you make this dish the
minor hockey how normally who's this oil
in a high sign up knowing on Akala watch
cartilage at my one grab hot shrimp and
chicken la puna Holika milk I have in my
bank ha eggs kite all-purpose cooking
sauce I also have a videos on how to
make the sauce I will leave the link
below for you guys so please check that
out
laka sopra Winnetka song the Hegelian
cut home video will out of Holland to
styling Home Video nominee from Milan
cha
Indian curry powder Pongal e onion whoa
ha me I chopped garlic gatien's up
P and carrots : Tana halaqa cannot have
a chicken leg have raisins
lookey cashew nuts maybe more him a path
cooking oil lemon poo and for garnish I
have some cilantro and green onions and
also some cucumber look our talkback not
a junkie above me and qua gone home lock
off touchy huh
so let's get started and to a walk or a
pan or skillet whichever you have you
going to put that on a medium high heat
and after that you're going to add your
vegetable oil in there and when the oil
is hot you're going to add your eggs in
there you can use one egg or two eggs
does really matter and stir them
together like so
Elana conic karate in rock and have been
elected ina hat allow me but if I clang
so hot pocket Alana how sentimental on
fire Hahnemann Ron haka is like a lot of
i ha kind of fungus on phone gonna
attempt a Shopaholic RT kya hai tag and
he hit car and after that you're going
to add your chicken in there you also
can use some other type of protein you
like or some people like to add ham and
that will be fine too
da moneh caca hey psych I hold on find a
ha ha take I hold also and he hit
no ha and after that you're going to add
your shrimp in there and stir them
together until you see that your shrimp
it turns a little orange and then you're
going to add your chopped garlic in
there and stir them together again Tom
and I have poked a hole also Brown and a
half guys I go all along by ha
hakuna hi hi Cassie plea and a half a
boom to play with a hell of a sub Nana
ha ha hey loud hawa CP and guys like a
TM saponify halacha pothead calcaneal ik
Onkar and after you see that your
chicken is fully cooked and your shrimp
it's turned a little orange you're going
to turn off the heat and add your
steamed rice in here and also some onion
pineapple Indian curry powder and also
pian carrots and if you don't have P and
carrots you also can add tomato that
will be fine too Oh Monica happy Thugga
in a castle
my corner hot damn do I cancel a
homologous up a lot wanna copy Kaela
Lucke Punk alica Lubin corner had her
MEP Kellogg and her college high market
head gear icon and after that you're
going to turn on a heat again to high
heat or the highest heat that your stove
had and stir them together
Taman a hacker high foot-pound happen
fighter and he soon had how to eat a
meal in ha got particle kind of
heightened calm I've been gone hacker
good god no no ha oh my god I'm doing
sauce patcon I'm sorry NIC persona hi
and he born Hollinger selling when I got
my aha
no clothes on the Malayan aha and then I
feel are you going to add your offerings
cooking sauce like I said I will leave
the link below for that videos too and
stir them together like so I'm Anna
Hackel pop hi how can the hot and then
add your raisins and cashew nuts like a
sign ha look at la comida mojito magnet
all out a high like a particle cunning
mom happy love to Thailand 1/2
knock up with fight I like ha and after
are you going to turn off the heat and
now it's ready to be served
I like to serve my pineapple fire rice
on top of my pineapple you also can
serve that on a plate as well and I'm
going to sprinkle the top with some
green onion like so and cilantro da
moneh hot gossip happened heated buying
a house of nice a burger and a hot pack
so deployed away from home park sheena
Holika Thank You ah ha oh just a minute
I'm gonna hide a while complaining
how can we shop with you only only in
the - could like go subscribe to Canada
Facebook Instagram Twitter local Alaska
so I hope you guys liked this video
please like subscribe follow me on my
Facebook Instagram Twitter and Google+
and stay tuned for a new video every
week how kuzmic Molina has a mop to
Tecate Baja chicken chassid in a half
only Nahanni Facebook America la got it
on video when my dad took a hit ha ha
predicted he has some luck to talk and
example cook on makeup Quintin simcha
now vanilla pecan sawadika
and until next time guys bye
[Music]